This file provides a brief overview of my uploaded project related research docs, code and videos.                                                  Firstly, AP and LAT classification project was based on Machine vision and deep learning concepts. where a Knee X-ray pictures with minute bullets was provided and I was tasked to classify the Top view (AP) and LAT (side view) from given images.
I have Uploaded the video showing the results of my said project.
Center finding was second important and challenging project where I was expected to find the center of small circles using Image Processing algorithms. Recorded video of the same showing performance of project outcome is uploaded in the repository. My third Project was related to Masters thesis where I need to visulaize the SLAM and Autonomous Navigation of Robot using Neural Radiance Fields Technology with ROS2 and Gazebo Ignition. It was also related to deep learning and Machine vision discipline. Detailed thesis work and experiments I performed are provided in repository. The fourth project was based on Machine learning life cycle implementation where I was expected to classify Insurance frauds on the basis of given input features. It involved data gathering, problem identification, data pre-processing, data cleaning, feature Engineering, Exploratory data Analysis, Model development, Hyper parameter tuning, Model Evaluation, Making ready for Model Deployment. It was detailed learning experience related to the basic and advanced concepts of Machine learning and its implementation to real world problem using python and integrated libraries. The code for the same is provided in the repository
Another important project of mine was media player controlling through hand gestures. It was an interesting and Knowledge intensive project based on the concept of Image processing, Machine Vision and Python programming.
Rainfall prediction was another important project similar to fraud detection in terms of objective. It's Code is also added in the repository
